Renaming: Update permissions (role based access) (#48431)
fleetdm/fleet: articles/role-based-access.md

| Filter hosts by software                                                                                                                   | ✅       | ✅         | ✅         | ✅         | ✅    |         |
| Filter software by fleet\*                                                                                                                  | ✅       | ✅         | ✅         | ✅         | ✅    |         |
| Manage [vulnerability automations](https://fleetdm.com/docs/using-fleet/automations#vulnerability-automations)                             |          |            |            |            | ✅    | ✅      |
| Run reports designated "**observer can run**" as live queries against all hosts                                                            | ✅       | ✅         | ✅         | ✅         | ✅    |         |

> | Run any report as [live query](https://fleetdm.com/docs/using-fleet/fleet-ui#run-a-query) against all hosts                                |          | ✅         | ✅         | ✅         | ✅    |         |

Author: ```suggestion
| Run any report as [live report](https://fleetdm.com/guides/reports#run-a-report) against all hosts                                |          | ✅         | ✅         | ✅         | ✅    |         |
```

| Create, edit, and delete reports                                                                                                           |          |            |            | ✅         | ✅    | ✅      |
| View all reports and their results                                                                                                         | ✅       | ✅         | ✅         | ✅         | ✅    | ✅      |

> | Manage [report automations](https://fleetdm.com/docs/using-fleet/fleet-ui#schedule-a-query)                                                |          |            |            | ✅         | ✅    | ✅      |

Author: ```suggestion
| Manage [report automations](https://fleetdm.com/guides/reports#schedule-a-report)                                                |          |            |            | ✅         | ✅    | ✅      |
```

| Filter software by [vulnerabilities](https://fleetdm.com/docs/using-fleet/vulnerability-processing#vulnerability-processing)     | ✅            | ✅             | ✅              | ✅              | ✅         |             |
| Filter hosts by software                                                                                                         | ✅            | ✅             | ✅              | ✅              | ✅         |             |
| Filter software                                                                                                                  | ✅            | ✅             | ✅              | ✅              | ✅         |             |
| Run reports designated "**observer can run**" as live queries against hosts                                                      | ✅            | ✅             | ✅              | ✅              | ✅         |             |

> | Run any report as [live query](https://fleetdm.com/docs/using-fleet/fleet-ui#run-a-query)                                        |               | ✅             | ✅              | ✅              | ✅         |             |

Author: ```suggestion
| Run any report as [live report](https://fleetdm.com/guides/reports#run-a-report)                                        |               | ✅             | ✅              | ✅              | ✅         |             |
```

| Create, edit, and delete self-authored reports                                                                                   |               |                |                 | ✅              | ✅         | ✅          |
| View the fleet's reports and their results                                                                                              | ✅            | ✅             | ✅              | ✅              | ✅         |             |
| View global (inherited) reports and their results\**                                                                             | ✅            | ✅             | ✅              | ✅              | ✅         |             |

> | Manage [report automations](https://fleetdm.com/docs/using-fleet/fleet-ui#schedule-a-query)                                      |               |                |                 | ✅              | ✅         | ✅          |

Author: ```suggestion
| Manage [report automations](https://fleetdm.com/guides/reports#schedule-a-report)                                      |               |                |                 | ✅              | ✅         | ✅          |
```
